feat: ignore nore on <Plug> maps (#16969)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/map.txt

			where the map command applies.  Disallow mapping of
			{rhs}, to avoid nested and recursive mappings.  Often
			used to redefine a command.

> 			Note: `nore` isn't applicable to <Plug> maps they are
> 			always remaped even if noremap is used.

Reviewer: (Two spaces between sentences for consistency with context)
```suggestion
			Note: "nore" is ignored for a mapping whose result
			contains <Plug>.  <Plug> is always remapped even if
			"nore" is used.
```
